special_lucin_char_indicators_from_cache (#34818)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_15_9.md

#### Scripts

##### GetIndicatorDBotScoreFromCache

> - Fixed an issue where not all special chars were escaped correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for additional special characters that were not escaped properly.
```
